README.md, before:

# Secrets of Venice

(maybe put here that project is 80% done)

## Contents
- [Secrets of Venice](#Secrets-of-Venice)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Short description](#short-description)
  - [Long desciption](#long-description)
  - [Demo video](#demo-video)
  - [The architecture](#the-architecture)
  - [Project roadmap](#project-roadmap)
  - [Getting started](#getting-started)
  - [Live demo](#live-demo)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Versioning](#versioning)
  - [Authors](#authors)
  - [License](#license)

## Short description

Learn Italian in this virtual tourism journey through Venice.

## Long description

Venice of Secrets is a virtual adventure game that provides the chance to learn Italian as though you were taking a holiday in Venice but at a fraction of the real price. 

The key to learning a new language is to practice in the right environment and so every school across the UK offers annual school trips to relevant countries. However, despite this effort, at the end of 2019 more than 3/5ths of parents believed trips to be too costly, and 5% of parents admitted they could not afford to send their kids away on trips that could cost up to £3000. This leaves a large education gap between classmates, and it is simply unacceptable that a child’s learning curve can be shaped by such inequalities that are out of their control. Venice of Secrets aims to equalise travel advantage by offering the same educative experience through a cheaper and immersive online platform. 

Venice of Secrets also identifies and addresses the harmful environmental effects of tourism. Every year there are more than 20 million visitors to Venice. These people might travel via plane, car, or train, all leaving a large carbon footprint in their wake. For those wishing to travel to practice their Italian, perhaps this cheaper and more eco-friendly option might be more desirable. 

To give the best experience, the game has two main target areas. The tourism and adventure game play and the education aspect. The highest level of graphics using Unity, has created a life-like version of the city of Venice. From the plane landing to the beautiful local restaurants on every corner. Users can walk around the map freely, exploring the age-old architecture from St Mark’s Basilica to the Rialto Bridge and the Palazzo Ducale, as well as interacting with locals on the street. 

Ensuring top quality Italian language teaching and practice, education has been split into three sections. The pre-topic class, the quiz, and the challenge. The first gives a lesson on anything from basic sentence structure to new and challenging vocab. The second tests knowledge in a multiple-choice format that will be required for the challenge that comes after and can be taken multiple times over. The challenge utilises the Watson Assistant API and presents a scene where the student must interact with a character that might take the form of a waitress, hotel concierge, ticket officer and many others to practice ordering food, checking in or asking for directions. To top off the whole experience, players will be able to purchase souvenirs from actual Venetian stores to add a more realistic touch to the adventure. 

There are currently various language-based games on the market, such as Siberia, The Secret of Monkey Island and Broken Sword. However, these focus much more on the game aspect as opposed to providing an extensive educative experience. Venice of Secrets tackles both areas head on, providing a detailed tourist excursion whilst also giving in-depth interactive classes. 


## Demo video

https://youtu.be/cmpKoqqOeB4

## The architecture

## Project roadmap
![Roadmap](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59963655/127484686-f9fb17f7-d388-4198-822c-20f37d1ef201.png)

## Getting started

In this section you add the instructions to run your project on your local machine for development and testing purposes. You can also add instructions on how to deploy the project in production.

## Live demo

## Built with
- [Unity3D](https://unity.com/) - Game Engine used
- [IBM Watson Assistant](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/watson-assistant) - Used for Translations
- [IBM Watson Text To Speech](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/cloud/watson-text-to-speech) - Used for the Challenge Scenes
- [IBM Watson Speech To Text](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/cloud/watson-speech-to-text) - Used for the Challenge Scenes
- [IBM Watson Language Translator](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/cloud/watson-language-translator) - Used for Translation Boxes.

## Contributing
(May not be needed) 

## Versioning
(not sure if this is needed)

## Authors

- Alexander Scott https://github.com/alexscott232
- Sebastiano Zane https://github.com/sz7518
- Gabrielle Rubin https://github.com/gxr17
- George Chen https://github.com/ghchen99
- Christy Wong https://github.com/whychristy

## License

This project is licensed under (fill in).

Commit message:

Added in instructions to run game

README.md, after:

# Secrets of Venice


## Contents
- [Secrets of Venice](#Secrets-of-Venice)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Short description](#short-description)
  - [Long desciption](#long-description)
  - [Demo video](#demo-video)
  - [The architecture](#the-architecture)
  - [Project roadmap](#project-roadmap)
  - [Getting started](#getting-started)
  - [Live demo](#live-demo)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Authors](#authors)
  - [Versioning](#versioning)

## Short description

Learn Italian in this virtual tourism journey through Venice.

## Long description

Venice of Secrets is a virtual adventure game that provides the chance to learn Italian as though you were taking a holiday in Venice but at a fraction of the real price. 

The key to learning a new language is to practice in the right environment and so every school across the UK offers annual school trips to relevant countries. However, despite this effort, at the end of 2019 more than 3/5ths of parents believed trips to be too costly, and 5% of parents admitted they could not afford to send their kids away on trips that could cost up to £3000. This leaves a large education gap between classmates, and it is simply unacceptable that a child’s learning curve can be shaped by such inequalities that are out of their control. Venice of Secrets aims to equalise travel advantage by offering the same educative experience through a cheaper and immersive online platform. 

Venice of Secrets also identifies and addresses the harmful environmental effects of tourism. Every year there are more than 20 million visitors to Venice. These people might travel via plane, car, or train, all leaving a large carbon footprint in their wake. For those wishing to travel to practice their Italian, perhaps this cheaper and more eco-friendly option might be more desirable. 

To give the best experience, the game has two main target areas. The tourism and adventure game play and the education aspect. The highest level of graphics using Unity, has created a life-like version of the city of Venice. From the plane landing to the beautiful local restaurants on every corner. Users can walk around the map freely, exploring the age-old architecture from St Mark’s Basilica to the Rialto Bridge and the Palazzo Ducale, as well as interacting with locals on the street. 

Ensuring top quality Italian language teaching and practice, education has been split into three sections. The pre-topic class, the quiz, and the challenge. The first gives a lesson on anything from basic sentence structure to new and challenging vocab. The second tests knowledge in a multiple-choice format that will be required for the challenge that comes after and can be taken multiple times over. The challenge utilises the Watson Assistant API and presents a scene where the student must interact with a character that might take the form of a waitress, hotel concierge, ticket officer and many others to practice ordering food, checking in or asking for directions. To top off the whole experience, players will be able to purchase souvenirs from actual Venetian stores to add a more realistic touch to the adventure. 

There are currently various language-based games on the market, such as Siberia, The Secret of Monkey Island and Broken Sword. However, these focus much more on the game aspect as opposed to providing an extensive educative experience. Venice of Secrets tackles both areas head on, providing a detailed tourist excursion whilst also giving in-depth interactive classes. 


## Demo video

https://youtu.be/cmpKoqqOeB4

## The architecture

## Project roadmap
![Roadmap](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59963655/127484686-f9fb17f7-d388-4198-822c-20f37d1ef201.png)

## Getting started

The project is currently around 80% done. Some optimisation of scenes are needed in order to increase frame rate as well as some scenes need to be linked together. As of now in order to run and edit game scenes the following steps can be followed.
- Install Unity3D Game Engine.
- Clone Repo.
- Ensure that the correct version of Unity is installed Unity Version 2021.1.6f1.
- Open Unity Hub.
- Select 'Projects' Tab.
- Select 'Add'.
- Locate the cloned repo and add it to the Unity Hub.
- Open the game.
- Edit or Play scenes as desired.

## Live demo

## Built with
- [Unity3D](https://unity.com/) - Game Engine used
- [IBM Watson Assistant](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/watson-assistant) - Used for Translations
- [IBM Watson Text To Speech](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/cloud/watson-text-to-speech) - Used for the Challenge Scenes
- [IBM Watson Speech To Text](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/cloud/watson-speech-to-text) - Used for the Challenge Scenes
- [IBM Watson Language Translator](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/cloud/watson-language-translator) - Used for Translation Boxes.


## Authors

- Alexander Scott https://github.com/alexscott232
- Sebastiano Zane https://github.com/sz7518
- Gabrielle Rubin https://github.com/gxr17
- George Chen https://github.com/ghchen99
- Christy Wong https://github.com/whychristy

## Versioning

The game is currently run on Unity Version 2021.1.6f1.
